{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red57\green57\blue57;\red249\green249\blue249;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c28627\c28627\c28627;\cssrgb\c98039\c98039\c98039;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hi Vladimir - we have created two design samples for the visualizations - one for a wave-design and one for a ripple - hope this helps with clarity of the direction we'd like to take for the project. I am going to accept your offer now, and perhaps we can setup an initial Skype to walk through the designs and ensure the next step is clear? I will propose 3 milestones.\
Offer: Visualization of user-submitted text using HTML/Javascript in water drop and tree shapes\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We will be collecting user submissions (approx 1 sentence of text) via web form, SMS, and Twitter.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We need you to build a beautiful visualization to showcase these submissions to have the text forming different shapes - a water drop and tree.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The user should be able to click on a submission to have it open a "bubble" where the full submission will show, including the name and location of the user who submitted it.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 If there is no user interaction, the visualization should automatically rotate through random submissions so they are easily readable on screen.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Ideally the visualization will poll the XML every 15-30 seconds to check for any new submissions.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We are willing to pay up to $2,000 (double) for someone with multiple examples of this type of work and/or extremely strong graphic design skills who can implement this quickly! \cb1 \
\
\cb3 1) Design of 2 visualizations for our approval\cb1 \
\
\cb3 2) Develop visualization as responsive HTML pages using the d3.js or similar javascript visualization library that we can customize with a header/footer\cb1 \
\
\cb3 3) We will provide data for the visualization to use in any XML format as needed \cb1 \
\
\cb3 Previous experience with d3.js/visualization design\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Good creative graphic design skills\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Ability to complete this work within 4-6 weeks\cb1 \
\
\cb3 OFFER DETAILS\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Client: Michael Furdyk (TakingITGlobal)\cb1 \
\cb3 Freelancer: Vladimir Kuchinov \cb1 \
\cb3 Job Posting: Visualization of user-submitted text using HTML/Javascript in water drop and tree shapes\cb1 \
\cb3 Contract Title: Visualization of user-submitted text using HTML/Javascript in water drop and tree shapes\cb1 \
\cb3 Estimated Budget: $1,250.00}